Adding Web Crawlers

HomeRoom provides an easy mechanism for adding new web crawlers.  The
ISearchFactory and ICrawler interfaces make the process of adding the
functionality and registering their availability very easy.  The three step
process is described here.

The first step, when adding a web crawler to HomeRoom, is creating a search
factory by implementing an ISearchFactory.  The ISearchFactory interface
provides for dividing the search among 4 types of media.  None of an
ISearchFactory's methods may return null.  If no searching capabilities are
provided for a given media type, an instance of NoopCrawler must be returned by
the corresponding ISearchFactory class.  Returning null from on of these
methods may lead to a null reference exception that will crash HomeRoom.

Once the search factory has been created, a crawler must be written for each
media type you are providing.  Crawlers implement the ICrawler interface.  The
only requirement of this interface is a method named find.  This method will be
passed the topic provided by the user and the number of results that are
expected.  Matching the result count should be considered a best effort.  There
is no way to guarantee any number of results.  Exceeding the requested result
count is allowed.  The located items should be cataloged in a List<Result> and
returned to the caller.  Returning null is strictly forbidden here, as well.
If no items were found, return an empty list.

The Crawler project's app.config file contains a list of available search
factories.  The final step is adding your newly created ISearchFactory to this
list.  Adding your search factory's name to this list informs HomeRoom of its
existence and HomeRoom will use your crawlers for every search.
